Add link to cluster queues documentation from agents queues (#2132)
buildkite/docs: pages/agent/v3/queues.md

<%= image "agent-queues.png", width: 1182/2, height: 160/2, alt: "Screenshot of an agent's tags showing both building and testing queues" %>

> >🚧 Configuring Cluster Queues

Reviewer: Use sentence case for this heading:

```suggestion
>🚧 Configuring cluster queues
```

> >If you have [Clusters](/docs/agent/clusters) enabled and are configuring your agent with a _Cluster Queue_, you need to create the cluster queue first. See [Set up a Cluster Queue](/docs/agent/clusters#set-up-a-cluster-set-up-queues) for more information.

Reviewer: I think we should also use lowercase here:

```suggestion
>If you have [Clusters](/docs/agent/clusters) enabled and are configuring your agent with a _cluster queue_, you need to create the cluster queue first. See [Set up a cluster queue](/docs/agent/clusters#set-up-a-cluster-set-up-queues) for more information.
```

> >If you have [Clusters](/docs/agent/clusters) enabled, and are configuring your agent with a _Cluster Queue_, you will need to ensure the cluster queue has been explicitly created first. See [setting up Cluster Queues](/docs/agent/clusters#set-up-a-cluster-set-up-queues) to learn more.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>If you have [Clusters](/docs/agent/clusters) enabled and are configuring your agent with a _Cluster Queue_, you need to create the cluster queue first. See [Set up a Cluster Queue](/docs/agent/clusters#set-up-a-cluster-set-up-queues) for more information.
```

This is a very helpful note!

Couple little suggestions here:

- Shortened the sentence by making it more direct
- Tweaked the final sentence to match what appears to be our common pattern in these docs: "see <blah> for more information" (50 instances), or "for more details" (29 instances).

Author: @timriley great suggestions for making this more concise. I'm getting flashbacks to my uni days haha, I had one editor who always told me my sentences were too long.
